Update docs (#328)
razee-io/RemoteResource: README.md

## Install

[Razee Deploy Delta](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta) is the
recommended way to install RemoteResource.

## Customize the Controller

The optional `razeedeploy-config` ConfigMap can be used to customize the
controller.

Because the ConfigMap is optional, if it is created the first time, you must
restart controller pods, so the deployment can mount the ConfigMap
as a volume.

Example:

> ```yaml
> apiVersion: v1
> data:
>   lock-cluster: "false"
>   enable-impersonation: "false"
> kind: ConfigMap
> metadata:
>   name: razeedeploy-config
>   namespace: razee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: razeedeploy-config
  namespace: razeedeploy
data:
  lock-cluster: "false"
  enable-impersonation: "false"
```

```

### Lock Cluster

Setting `lock-cluster` to "true" prevents the controller from updating
resources on the cluster.

> ### Enable User Impersonation
> 
> Setting `enable-impersonation` to "true" allows the controller to perform
> [user impersonation](https://github.com/razee-io/MustacheTemplate#user-impersonation)
> in all namespaces, if authenticated user is granted impersonation permission.
> 
> By default, the controller allows any authenticated user to impersonate other
> users in the `razeedeploy` namespace. This is a short term solution to support
> impersonation and limit privilege escalation (by limiting the action to
> the `razeedeploy` namespace only).
> 
> With [ImpersonationWebhook](https://github.com/razee-io/ImpersonationWebhook),
> impersonation can be fully enabled, given that the webhook is installed and
> registered, and necessary role bindings are created.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable User Impersonation

Setting `enable-impersonation` to "true" allows the controller to perform
[user impersonation](https://github.com/razee-io/RemoteResource#user-impersonation)
in all namespaces, if authenticated user is granted impersonation permission.

**IMPORTANT:** it is highly advised to set up [ImpersonationWebhook](https://github.com/razee-io/ImpersonationWebhook)
before enabling cluster-wide impersonation. Once the ImpersonationWebhook controller is installed
and all necessary config and authorizations in place, impersonation can be fully enabled from this
configmap. If ImpersonationWebhook is not installed before enabling impersonation, any user on the
cluster that is allowed to create razeedeploy resources will be able to impersonate any other user.

By default, `enable-impersonation` is `false`, and the controller only allows users 
to impersonate other users in the `razeedeploy` namespace. This is a short term
solution to support impersonation and limit privilege escalation (by limiting the action to
the `razeedeploy` namespace only).

```

## Install

[Razee Deploy Delta](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta) is the
recommended way to install RemoteResource.

> ## Customize the Controller

Reviewer: im not sure how i feel about this being at the top of the page. i think its important the suer knows not to enable user impersonation without webhook installed, but i dont think this needs to be before they even know what a RemoteResource example looks like. i think it makes more sense closer to the bottom of the page
